README.md, before:

### Senior Project

This repository will be the storing place for my data transmission and packaging files.

TODO: Add files used for configuring Ad Hoc network

Fix: Configured network files on Raspberry Pi

Added: File for recording audio

TODO: Add file for recording audio upon startup

TODO: Add file for continuously recording 1 minute sound file that overwrites itself after sending to server

Added: File for continuously recording minute sound files

TODO: Test external air microphone and hydrophone

Fix: Tested internal and partially external antenna (no significant difference)

Added: File for packaging audio as CSV

TODO: Add ability to transmit CSV files

Added: File for sending CSV file through WebSockets server connection

TODO: Test CSV data transmission with new sample data

TODO: Increase distance between Raspberry Pis

TODO: Find maximum distance between Raspberry Pi/antenna and PC (at least 500m on land)

TODO: Test Network Connectivity/Latency

TODO: Test Data Transmission Data Rate/Error Rate

TODO: Test delta between RP-RP and RP-PC connection and transmission

TODO: Add file for classifying air vehicle

TODO: Add file for emitting underwater ping for alert communication

Commit message:

TODO: Add file for determining direction of vehicle target

README.md, after:

### Senior Project

This repository will be the storing place for my data transmission and packaging files.

TODO: Add files used for configuring Ad Hoc network

Fix: Configured network files on Raspberry Pi

Added: File for recording audio

TODO: Add file for recording audio upon startup

TODO: Add file for continuously recording 1 minute sound file that overwrites itself after sending to server

Added: File for continuously recording minute sound files

TODO: Test external air microphone and hydrophone

Fix: Tested internal and partially external antenna (no significant difference)

Added: File for packaging audio as CSV

TODO: Add ability to transmit CSV files

Added: File for sending CSV file through WebSockets server connection

TODO: Test CSV data transmission with new sample data

TODO: Increase distance between Raspberry Pis

TODO: Find maximum distance between Raspberry Pi/antenna and PC (at least 500m on land)

TODO: Test Network Connectivity/Latency

TODO: Test Data Transmission Data Rate/Error Rate

TODO: Test delta between RP-RP and RP-PC connection and transmission

TODO: Add file for classifying air vehicle

TODO: Add file for determining direction of vehicle target

TODO: Add file for emitting underwater ping for alert communication
